Add screen blocker option on UI websites (#2215)
workadventure/workadventure: docs/maps/api-ui.md

        left?: string,
        right?: string,
    },

>     canOverlapPlayer?: boolean,     // Define if the iframe can overlap the player

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    canOverlapPlayer?: boolean,     // Defines if the iframe can overlap the player. If "false", WorkAdventure will recenter the user on the screen so that it is never hidden by the iframe
```
